redefine model output representation to be two columns (#202)
hubverse-org/hubDocs: docs/source/user-guide/model-output.md

_Model outputs are a specially formatted tabular representation of predictions._
Each row corresponds to a unique prediction, and each column provides information about what is being predicted, its scope, and its value. 

> Per hubverse convention, **there are two groups of columns and one column for model output**[^model-id]. Each group of columns serves a specific purpose: (1) the **"task ID"** columns provide details about what is being predicted, and (2) the two **"model output representation"** columns specify the type of prediction, and identifying information about that prediction. Finally, (3) the **value** column provides the model output of the prediction.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Per hubverse convention, **there are two groups of columns for model output**[^model-id] followed by a single column for values. Each group of columns serves a specific purpose: (1) the **"task ID"** columns provide details about what is being predicted, and (2) the two **"model output representation"** columns specify the type of prediction and identifying information about that prediction. Finally, (3) the **value** column provides the model output of the prediction.  
```

Author: From my understanding of #201, the column for model output is the column for values (the others are "metadata about the representation of that output"). I phrased it differently in my most recent commit.
